Chiara,

- I've come to realize how strongly I feel about you.
- It is terrifying.
- You have somehow become the most important person in my life.
- You mean more to me then I mean to myself, I am happier when you are happy.
- You can say that is Unhealthy but that makes little sense.

    Ex. We are walking in NY and we are robbed at gun point.
        The thief finds little cash on us, decides to attack.

        Which is your husband (love of your life)?
            A. Run away leaving you with the robber
            B. Face the robber with you
            C. Step in front of you and tell you to run away
            D. Step in front of you and attack the robber
               to keep him from attacking you so you can get away

        If I am a girl - I would want option D.
        For option D to be true, he would have to love you more then himself right?
        Is that unhealthy? Not really, saying it is unhealthy is
        called a super philosophy. It is the kind of notion I would raise
        if I wanted to get a girl to have doubts about her boyfriend.

- I know you feel conflicted about what it will take to have a life with me.

- I feel it has more to do with other people and life changes then Tony.

- Drinking is BAD - drugs are BAD, I will not let you down.

            If at the end of your visit, if your mind still says
            no getting married and I cannot come or if you truly
            want to end things even if i can come to avoid the
            life we would have.

                I will not protest, fight, kick and scream,
                threaten, yell, cry, manipulate, persuade
                or anything.

                I will tell you all nice things and we will
                always have our love and the memories and all.

                You have my word. I cannot promise that I wont
                try like hell to find a solution though.
                For the record I would love to. I don't quit
                when things get harder, I stand up taller, I lean in
                and I jump right into finding a solution until I win.
                There can a point of accepting something may be impossible.

Either way though, we are doing this trip. I found these ideas:

Tacos -
    Tacos from Williamsburg food truck..

Bryant Park Winter Village -
    This isn't just an ice skating thing, it is a Christmas market and more

Wollman Rink Central Park -
    Not only go to the ice rink but walk the park. Millions of things happening there.

Rockefeller Center Tree -
    It is a must see obviously, and there's ice skating and markets.

5th Ave Window Displays -
    All the stores have winter displays that are really beautiful.

Union Square Holiday Market -
    Like Bryant Park Market

Dyker Heights Holiday Lights -
    We talked about our future home and the right amount of lights to
    have outside, well these are homes decorated in amazing ways.

Santa Suit 5K -
    Joking!

Gingerbread houses by William Poll, Upper East Side -
    If you appreciate sweets, then we should see these incredible houses..

Miniature Exhibits at Botanical Gardens -
    This is technically model trains, so your bro and dad might like it,
    but all the trains run through miniature versions of popular city areas.
    Kind of like the Nativity scenes in Italy. like the one on your fireplace.

Sant Ambroeus Hot Chocolate -
    it's simply pure, melted chocolate

Mighty Quinns -
    Brontosaurus Ribs, super cool

Clinton St. baking Company -
    Brioche French Toast.. enough said right?

Dominique Ansel Bakery -
    Milk & Cookie Shots (non alcoholic)

Dominique Ansel Bakery -
    Milk & Cookie Shots (non alcoholic)

Highline -
    Some of my favorite memories in the city with you were
    just walking down Highline and talking {you talking - me listening :)}

No pants Subway Ride -
    Yes, we ride the subway with 100's of strangers with no pants on..
    Sunday Jan 7th
    You still wear your panties, and I wear my boxers

Pending certain actions - Billy Joel in Madison Square Garden -
    She's always a women to me..

NBC Studios-
    If we go here in the early morning I think 9am, we might be able to be
    in the audience of a late night tv show. It's fun and funny and
    it's a thing you can do that not many people know
    about. It's really spontaneous and fun.

Skiing -
    Brad mentioned that his sister and a few of her
    friends are going on new years day.
    I don't know if this will work for our schedule.
    We will check in after you're here.. Also couples
    dinner date

Surprise #1, to be presented to the lady on pickup at JFK Airport
Surprise #2, to be presented to the lady at some point while we are in the city
Surprise #3, to be determined

Do you have anything for the list?
